Q Anon is an international collective group of awoken anons, ascended beings, light workers, starseeds, citizen journalists, researchers, whistle blowers, truthers, digital patriots, and keyboard warriors working together to expose the Khazarian Freemasonic Luciferian Zionist Fascist Jesuit Illuminati Globalist Deep State Cabal. Only when their darkness is brought to light can they be defeated. Symbolism will be their downfall. This article seeks to act as a guide with resources to help you get started on your awakening research journey. Where we go one we go all.\n\nThe Q Anon movement is being provided intel drops online from a mysterious figure known as Q, who is believed to be JFK Jr. by a fast majority of the movement. Although he is believed to be the main face behind the Q movement there are additionally a group of no more than 10 individuals who consist of the entire \"Q Team\" including trusted military generals like and Donald J. Trump (known as Q+). The Q Team has formed an international White Hat Military Alliance with what is rumored to be some 170 countries worldwide, in coordination with their militaries and organizations like the International Human Rights Tribunal, Interpol, the NSA and Space Force.\n\nThe Q plan has supposedly been in the making since the fake CIA Cabal assassination of JFK, where he used a body double to secretly survive and continue his plan to takedown the cabal once and for all. Like father, like son JFK Jr. has been heavily involved in the Q plan to takedown the Cabal and therefore also had to fake his death in a plane crash in order to evade many assassination attempts that Hillary Clinton was conspiring against him when they were competing for a 2000 New York senate position.\n\nThe movement initially began receiving intel drops on the chan boards back in 2017, first on 4chan, then 8chan, followed by 8kun. These drops are known as \"Q Drops\" and were most notably archived on Qmap.Pub, which was targeted and unfortunately shutdown. Within this guide you will find several alternative Q Drop archivers in the upcoming lists.\n\nTo demonstrate, the following image below is an example of what a typical Q Drop would look like. Q Drop 4881 is a more recent and particularly relevant drop as Q points out the importance of distinguishing and knowing the difference between \"Q\" \"Anons\" & \"QAnon.\" The fake news media can only target the additional theories coming from anons and not Q's intel drops as they are way over target Q clearance military intelligence partially determined with the assistance of quantum computing programs like project looking glass.\n\nIn 2018, \"Q: The Plan To Save The World\" was released by Joe M @StormIsUponUs (suspended on Twitter 1.0) in 6 small installments, totalling 46 minutes to help give everyday people an understanding of what exactly the Q Military Intelligence Dissemination Operation was all about:\n\n1. Q - The Plan To Save The World 1 [0:00]\n2. Q - The Plan To Save The World 2: Be The Plan [13:48]\n3. Q - The Plan To Save The World 3: Killing The Mockingbird [22:57]\n4. Q - The Plan To Save The World 4: COVID 911 [27:45]\n5. Q - The Plan To Save The World 5: Dark To Light [37:20]\n6. Q - The Plan To Save The World 6: The Best Is Yet To Come [42:05]\n\nOn November 22, 2023 Elon Musk's White Hat double known as #QElon bluntly posted a tweet stating solely \"Q*Anon\" ensuring to use an asterisk [ ** * ** ] between Q & Anon to emphasize the differentiation between 'Q' and 'Anons.' Thus exposing 164+ million followers he had at the time to Q and the anons that control the flow of information/news on X since free speech was reinstated by him.\n\nAgain on December 25, 2023 Elon Musk's White Hat double tweeted an image with a hidden 17 beside an X signifying that White Hats [ ** 17 = Q ** ] control X. Was he also hinting that 6 o'clock can be deadly and an Elon double assassination was thwarted? Was he hinting the EAS/EBS Presidential Alert System will be used soon? He followed up with another tweet minutes later stating \"Prime Real Estate\" which implied X is the main intel battlefield which was a very special message for anons, if they caught it?\n\nOn October 25, 2024 QElon a.k.a. the Elon Musk White Hat double referred to Q/QAnon again after 337 days since last mention. Elon also changed his profile photo to Dark MAGA Ultra Q vibes when he posted this meme. Elon is referring to leftists/libtards who are forever brainwashed (4-6%) that believe in Project 2025 propaganda. Q Drop 337 confirms White Hats are in control, doing deep cleaning (arrests + DUMBS) and the country is not divided as the fake news wants you to think.\n\nOn November 4, 2024 at 8:38 PM EST (20:38) QElon posted a Trump warning video to the Deep State that this election is the final battle, featuring a blatant Q Shown 0:37 in. The corresponding drops imply that the Military [Q & Special Forces] are fighting to bring justice and recapture the U.S. Republic. They will protect the vote, but need everyone to do their part which is to fight by holding the line and voting.\n\nOn November 17[Q], 2024 the Q Elon Musk White Hat double posted a QNN [Q] Pepe meme on 𝕏 with #WWG1WGA on the mug. Does it get any more blatant then that?\n\nJohnny Mnemonic (@John_M_Q) replied to the White Hat Elon Musk double on November 20, 2024 with a decode on his Diablo community post which included a Q Drop. To that Elon responded with \"Not sure what Q drop means, but the other stuff is pretty accurate\" at 8:33 PM EST [20:33] which corresponds with Q Drop 2033 stating \"Like Clockwork.\" Essentially, Elon is hinting at Q like clockwork, several times in the last few weeks alone.\n\nOn December 9, 2024 the Q Elon Musk White Hat double quoted Yaroslav's (@512x512) Grok Pepes at 12:44 PM. Q1244 stated: \"AMAZING, Q!!!!!!!\" and there are 17 Q posts found containing: \"Pepe.\" He then quote posted Whole Mars Catalog (@WholeMarsBlog) at 12:47 PM with \"went Q\" in summary he posted Pepe and then said went Q [a.k.a. 17] 2 minutes after.\n\nIn Q drop 34 we received a drop starting with the phrase \"Q Clearance Patriot\" which relates to Q clearance or Q access authorization which is the United States Department of Energy (DOE) security clearance level required to access Top Secret, Restricted Data, Formerly Restricted Data, Secret Restricted Data, and National Security Information. Which could only imply the Q Team has access to the highest level of security clearance, **Q**.\n\nThe Q Drops provided plenty of information about the operation itself starting with drop Q Drop 60 which explained that the main Q Team consists of less than **10 people** who have the full picture about the plan, 3 of which are non-military personnel and a potential outside operator with specific orders. Q Drop 337 identified that the country is not as divided as it seems, rather optics and that in reality only **4-6%** are in fact hopelessly forever brainwashed. Q Drop 3387 revealed that the Q Plan has been publicly active for 2 years prior to the date of the drop (2019), as in 2017 when the Q Drops began and for the following 6 years, taking us to at least 2025. Lastly, Q Drop 4511 detailed that this was the first time an intelligence dissemination operation (Q) has been attempted between the **military (MIL) and civilians (CIV)** in order to bypass the fake news propaganda network narratives.\n\nOn October 29, 2018, US Army Central tweeted about the 1st Theatre Sustainment Command by posting a photo on their Twitter account that sharply resembled a \"Q\" and featured whom appeared to be a grey haired JFK Jr. front and center, in a suit and tie.\n\nRetired Major General Paul E. Vallely confirmed that Q Anon or Operation Q is in fact a white hat military intelligence information dissemination program that comes out of the Army of North Virginia, a group of Military Intelligence Specialists of over 800 patriots. The official name of this military intelligence unit is known as the United States Army Intelligence Support Activity (USAISA). What's even more interesting is the patch for the unit is clearly a Q where the sword handle extends downwards to the right of the patch. At this point I should introduce you to the concept that there is no such thing as coincidences as you will be realizing that quite heavily the further you go down the rabbit hole.\n\nHear what the General had to say when asked about Q in the following video. He even explains the Q Team was working on setting up the quantum internet (satellites put up by Space Force), believed to be a necessity for the full implementation of NESARA/GESARA and its quantum gold backed currency.\n\nOn November 28, 2020, Brannon Howse from Worldview Weekend Broadcast (WVW) interviewed retired 3 Star Lieutenant General Thomas McInerney where he mentioned the “Kraken” which was a widely used term by Attorney Sidney Powell. McInerney elaborated on the \"Kraken\" detailing it was a reference to the U.S. Army's 305th Military Intelligence Battalion which is located at Fort Huachuca, Arizona. The 305th battalion is a subordinate battalion to the U.S. Army's 111th Military Intelligence Brigade (commanded by General Michael Flynn from June 2002 to June 2004). The 111th Military Intelligence Brigade is a training brigade of the United States Army Intelligence Center of Excellence (USAICoE). In the following clip McInerney mentions that Powell had been using data provided by the 305th battalion to fuel legal battles relating to the fraudulent stolen 2020 election and that they had other additional sources they did not yet want to disclose.\n\nMcInerney also touched on CIC Donald Trump not leaving office until 2020 was rectified, Christopher C. Miller (retired 5th Special Forces Group Airborne colonel who served as acting U. S. Secretary of Defense from November 9, 2020 to January 20, 2021), confiscated German CIA servers, ongoing cyberwarfare/psychological operations, the corrupt judicial system that continues to ignore election fraud evidence, the coup d'état (treason) that occurred, #RussiaGate (perpetrated by Adam Schiff, Barack Obama, Chuck Schumer, Joe Biden and Nancy Pelosi), September 12, 2018 Executive Order 13848 \"Imposing Certain Sanctions in the Event of Foreign Interference in a United States Election,\" sophisticated Dominion Voting Systems vote flipping/switching known as “Hammer\" and \"Scorecard\" CIA operations, which is why Chris Krebs (former Director of Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency / CISA) was forced to step down for claiming the 2020 election was perfect (as in not stolen).\n\nDuring the Out of Babylon Seminar (June 4-6, 2021), David Lester Straight confirmed that John Fitzgerald Lincoln Kahlooni Jr. (John F. Kennedy Jr. / JFK Jr.) is not only Q, but also the current Vice President of the United States Republic. This perfectly explains why he can be seen riding in the presidential limousine which is solely reserved for the President and Vice President.\n\nEqually, on December 3, 2022 retired Australian Special Air Service (SAS) Lieutenant Colonel Riccardo Bosi had an interview with Sarah Youll (national coordinator for AustraliaOne Party) where he confirmed Q. In the following clip from the full interview Bosi stated that Operation Q has been underway for at least 60 years, since the Kennedy assassination and this final counteroffensive wave commenced before Trump was installed in 2016. He explained presidents and prime ministers are all capitulating, panicking, running and squealing on each other as the Freemasonic filth collapses, leaving only the useful idiots. He said by the middle of 2023 the military tribunals will kick off, as many have already been done, many have already been arrested, charged and executed.\n\nOn November 3, 2023 Julie Kelly released a sample of the transcript from the November 1, 2023 Trump classified documents hearing before Judge Cannon on X. The court document confirmed CIC/President Donald Trump still possessed an active Department of Energy (DOE) Q security clearance even after being wrongfully indicted. We don't call him Q+ for nothing!
